I
Pay up what hey up cheese slice. I just finished your chores
Did not just upgrade your ponytail and those ghost goggles you asked for in the vending machine attributes lighter
Oh shit. Yeah, Jimmy Hattaker's frisbee golf party is tonight. I want him sliding all over these attributes
Marrow much all right, what are we boosting? What are we losing strength me up dog?
I want that broth bad drop intelligence all right for customizable stats courtesy of the genetic sequence
No summer. I will literally murder you. Oh Christ you're too dumb to know. I'm serious
Wait, is that an attribute slider you're juicing your stats for the full party gonna ruin this for me
What no, I want one for the party to do some shit for me, bro
I
Helped you kill your nemesis. Oh you guys found him. It's my emotional cheat day
I am removing myself from this conversation. I
Can't believe he gave you that I've asked for one forever because you're a bottom feeder Morty
You beg and eat scraps. I am an independent woman who eats what she kills on summer
I'm your little brother. You have to take care of me. Take care of this
You just hide anywhere, huh?
Oh
My god, who are you? Yeah, but what about this?
Bro, is that your sister her dexterity is wild. Yeah, I guess
Hey, Brad, aren't you a football guy? Of course Morty, but the offseason is the froth season
Yo, summer, you know we ain't meet the team captain. Oh
Hey guys so random seeing you here love the way you move that coin ever consider a bigger disc
Is your hair different? Oh, I don't know I started using this new leave-in conditioner
I love it. Maybe leave your number in my phone
So charismatic looks like we found our new center forward back rose. She's just using tech to customize herself for social situations
Bro, maybe you should too. You're harsh in the buzz. Can you give us a sec? Oh, hey
You're embarrassing yourself leave or I will make you leave. Let me borrow it for a second
You even wanted for you parasite I want to be ripped and take my shirt off in front of Trisha. Yeah, what you were
She's my best friend. She's not even in your green. It's a trickle that effect. She'll see me and tell everyone
That's so strong now, huh? Good luck with intelligence my turn
Oh
That's more like it Morty wait till the girls here this let's see if these abs are waterproof
Yeah, really thought out now. This is some shit. This is what Falafel's about bro. You pubescent little simian
I will end you
Okay, no not what Falafel is about
Oh my god, what the fuck um, no, thank you do no way someone's got a clock
Oh, what oh?
Aquado. Oh my god. She doesn't even know what a quadro is. I know what that is. I'm cool Jimmy. You're leaving conditioner
Look at how desperate she is
And now back to cake or fake
Please come on you have to know do I get breathe do I not speak give me the knife
And you're blocking the TV what's up
Quado whoa
Not the slider was gonna be the whole thing this week Wow
It's not wow you grinch. Why do you care about high schoolers? This is a quadro from total recall
They're basically the crown jewel of psychic mutants. Yeah, everyone knows but me
What are must have fried the gene sequencer your spines are braided Christ what a mess you need to fix this grandpa
Okay, pay up what pay up best slice thought you killed it you ate chore wheels empty if you work fast
I'll fix it in the morning
See Morty gets it you're worse than he is
The hell
Goddamnit, wordy you're even messing up my targeted ads
I'm partying with other quadros and have the time of my life
Whatever
You know what fuck this noise
Nice quadro
Preaching to the choir
Oh my glob your hair guano combo is out of this world. Oh, wow. I I love your tumor face guy. You're hilarious
What'll it be
Coming right up
Hey, sorry, I couldn't help but notice your quadro. He's huge. Oh
Thank you. I'm quiet and this is Godiva summer and this little guy is Morty
I guess they all say that huh
You guys celebrating something yeah being quadros what kind of like VIPs here
This is summer and Morty
I mean if you can handle some rowdy quads he should come hang
Sounds like we're down to clown
Wow you guys do this all the time it's a tight-knit community
We're part of the future, you know, yeah being a mutant is right
He kind of paste for all this you want to meet him obviously
Ken this is summer and Morty. They're new to this scene, but they are the real deal new friends champagne
We're a rare breed
Your co-wado is so funny
You want to get out of here hell yeah, I do
This is like the best night I've had in a while welcome to life as a quadro
Like this whole time. I thought my brother was an anchor holding me back
But he's like a key to something I never even imagined sounds like he opened your mind. So did you
What's wrong? I'm
I'm sorry wait, I'm sorry like you have a girlfriend or I'm sorry like
What was the activation phrase ponytail assemble go go
The ovens mostly for bodies, but I make pizzas in here too
Every bedsheet bitch
Sorry no time to save you more than I just did gotta find my brother
I
Pay for those just yell my name like normal I did why do you think I risked it with the tongs?
Huh, I guess I did drink a lot last night marathon of cake or fake the sentient cakes
They they keep you guessing you know where are my kids merged
That doesn't answer my question and raises several others relax sweetie. Summer's just doing chores
Which I will check on by myself without your tongs
summer
Summer
Wait, why is this in black and white or dramatic effect and in design you for dramatic effect
You made me sound like you're dead. Why just call her the fucking picture
That we're kind of like VIPs here
I mean if you can handle some rowdy quads you could join us
I bet you say that to all the mutant girls
He does holy shit. I'm just a pretty face. I'm just a handsome guy. Where's Morty's he's in a good place. He's happy. It's nice
So he wasn't into me
There he is man of the hour
How is our big boy buying this table should be ready for transplant in a few hours good
Why do I do it?
Quatos have always had a revolutionary spirit and there's nothing more
Revolutionary than me being rich you think anyone in that VIP section was born
Aquado
You're a rare breed Morty and we're gonna put you on someone who values that
Where is she she paid me man she used the taxi
Sorry man, I guess I got really excited to beat someone up for information
I spent a long time mixing it
Shit sorry wrong guy again thought I'd be better at this
Where is she
Okay, you actually know
Okay
I'm kind of on a roll
How'd you get here first I guess even when I'm bad I'm still pretty good. So what's Morty saying to you?
Where is he what how would I know he didn't form a psychic link? No, we didn't form a psychic link
What the fuck is that it's like the whole thing crown jewel of psychic mutant summer
You used him to get with cool kids, but didn't even activate your powers. It's kind of a Quatos whole deal
All right, so how do I hear him open your mind summer?
Christ
Hello
Morty I can hear you fucking Christ you bitch. I've been screaming for hours. All right. Well, I don't have to hear you
Sorry, and I'm sorry about the throat party. I think they're selling me summer hurry. They're selling him grandpa
Well, obviously
You don't have to do this what we had was real
Prepare to get open don't shoot. I didn't tell him anything except where and how to find you he's outlived his usefulness kill him
Psychic warfare what hold on grandpa's got this
Oh
No, look big temple with a high-pitched noise maker run before these guys figure it out
He's a fake humor on like most psychics kill them
I'm coming Morty. Where are you?
No
That's what broth is about bitch. Oh frisbee plus golf I get it now
They got that one whose chest is that big don't have time for this. Hey, why do you get to kick down all the doors?
I want to kick one. Oh shit. It's locked my ankle. What is this your first taken?
Morty seven times her season
Yeah, window jump try to say it's my first taken now
It's your first getting my groove back you heard him boys killing me for it gets his groove
I
Treat you like an equal because I respect you remind me of your grandmother
You're getting choked
I
Need you to remove that I'm grateful
How's Morty Morty you okay? Sorry. I just killed a guy with my hair
The date him we're meeting his buyer in an hour
Easy there it'll all be over soon
Shit like me twice aim on me
Jack me once
Sir they're inbound what should we do kill them idiots?
There are days and there are days
You're the crown jewel of psychic assholes quite an entrance now for mine
That's the reveal you slide off you think I'm done revealing
That's right. It's me a smaller quatto the mastermind behind it all I sold out my own kind
Wow, we could have seen that coming. I mean he can talk that's kind of surprising
Yes, everyone was assumed that charming Kenneth was the brains or perhaps his quatto, but I was in control
Oh
Little shit
You think this is a joke
You're about to die so I'll let you in on my true secret
The last three guys would jumps I'm the real top dog. Oh shit. Is that three or four? I've lost count
But wait if you're dazzled now, okay, I see where this is going
Man kind of a shame that spider thing was pretty cool. Yeah, I wanted it wordy says he wanted it. Oh, okay here
Whoops you gotta jiggle it obviously I'm jiggling it summer
Morty says not hard enough. I must have it set up for motion smoothing. I gotta upgrade the polling rate
Jesus what are you a lifeguard just jiggle it
There we go
Oh
Yeah, this is great. Whoa Morty looking good. Bro. You're actually like a fucking boss wait. Can nothing jump?
Oh my god, bro
Oh
Hey, did you see that par morty's killer out there? Yeah, he's not even using his missiles
Speaking of I kind of need a new girl to hook up with on Tuesdays
Eh pass. Hey, you want to get out of here?
Toads summer saved me from being trafficked and burned alive like whatever
Damn summer smith. There is no end to your complexity
There's the missiles open your mind
Oh
Well, my new quarter was named morty, but I'm going to call him 69
Kenneth's running a little late with the package. No, oh he'll show do you know how much I paid?
69 million flurba
I have 69 credit cards
My wife wanted to have sex, but I said no not unless we 69
Tmi Michael you have a wife
Did you get any of that?
You